Welcome to the second lesson of the course.
In this lesson, you'll go in depth into what is cybersecurity.
This lesson provides a look at security trends
as well as different cybersecurity events and protection techniques.
This helps you better understand the importance of cybersecurity for all organizations.
This lesson provides you with tips and ideas for establishing,
building, and maintaining a cyber career.
You will also learn about core security principles,
critical security controls, and cybersecurity best practices.
Lastly, we'll talk about
some security best practices for keeping yourself and others safe online.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6